script keeping

like in https://github.com/qrush/sub. so,

- scripts have comments at the top (usage, help, etc)
- running 'sub help script' shows help based on the comments

what if.. i could run through all of my scripts, check if they are sub-compatible, and wrap them as aliases if they are on shell startup?

for script in scripts/; do
  if xyz; then
    # pobably needs to be a function
    alias $script="sub $script"
  fi
done

this way i'll get proper help when running script -h without any extra code in the script itself, and the script won't depend on anything

<!--i would be nice to go with the '@function() { # comment' convention (or _private-function []_ and public-functon) to expose subcommands too.--> though that should probably be in the script itself (as a library or something?)

wait, wait! why not use 'function() { #! comment' the shebang is very semantic and there're no restrictions on function names. this

instead of using headers, why don't i link the initial shebang with an empty comment:

#!/usr/bin/env bash
#? <------------------------ this line ^
# usage: kept main
# 
# example
#   you do this and that

actually, why not just grab the first continuous comment after the shebang?

---

to think about it, most of my scripts are not meant to be used elsewhere. i'd like to keep hori independent, but that's it. there is no need for managing dependencies if it's always all or nothing, right?

generally, i need to use 'source "$(which script)"' more.

sub has autocompletion features which is very enticing though
